[Music]
you get to play a lot of cartoon
characters you voiced a lot of
characters and now you get to act play
an actual cartoon character what kind of
liberties does that afford you in a real
life performance well you can't die
which is lovely yes you can get hit by
cars and zap like things but as someone
who does do a lot of voices you do a lot
of voices for The Simpsons
what is the importance of capturing a
voice how did you find Gargamel and like
turn this cartoon character into
something that we can watch in a real
movie I always start with a voice but
with a character like this you really
have to actually pick one and go forward
and I thought this would be good what is
that voice it sounds it sounds like a
mixture of maybe it's a little New York
in itself yeah I'm from New York so I
wouldn't be surprised a little New York
got in there the this always to me
sounded like the evil cartoon villain
voice of the 70s and 80s were you a big
Smurfs fan I I was a little old for sure
at the time they came around but I was
aware of the Smurfs you could I just
added up hitting a smurf really it's not
true and I tried that yes one couple
dead cats I did and I hit a few Smurfs
and how much did you go back to the
original show to find Gargamel killer
Gargamel I tried to actually Gargamel
from the 80s cartoon the American 80s
courts right kind of annoyed me actually
I wanted to spruce him up I wanted to
give him a sense of humor and mostly I
wanted to include the awareness that the
man was essentially married to a cat
that's true his wife is batting him
around with her paws or husband
oh let's who knows anything going on
it's a New York movie and speaking of
New York this is it's a real New York
film you're running around the real
streets of New York how is that dressed
up like Gargamel and in this crowd that
can sometimes be on
the city that we live in it was a little
it wasn't so bad shooting Asgard about
what was weird was getting in makeup on
48th Street saying so then you're
Gargamel after two hours then walking to
the set on 45th so there's three New
York blocks where you're not in the
context of a movie set just a guy who
looks like Gargamel and somehow knows
Gargamel it's not that weird in New York
no we and we discussed that a lot of
like what wouldn't because we talked
about the script like maybe more people
should be freaked out that Gargamel
staying like you know what New Yorkers
won't care and sure enough they did not
of course not you get like a look you
people like look at you like they
definitely acknowledge that something's
weird about you and they look away for
fear of engaging like pretty much
everyone and you wore a lot of
prosthetics for this movie I assume yeah
what was that process of going through
the makeup every morning and does that
help you get into it yeah I mean you
look in the mirror after two hours right
there well there certainly is Gargamel I
can't deny it
so I might as well commit to it yeah you
know it definitely helps with the
character and I'm assuming like that
unibrow thing that's not something you
have to overcome one of you didn't have
a unibrow it just was too much hair he's
a real man he is a real man with two
eyebrows you know get Leslie you know he
has so little them family it's not give
him a unibrow fair enough all right well
thank you very much
[Music]
yeah but you're making it done milking